docs(tutorials): review wording (#236)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/configure-nagios-monitoring/index.mdx

## Installing Apache

> In this tutorial, we use **Apache** as Webserver for the Nagios interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we use **Apache** as a web server for the Nagios interface.
```

## Configuring Apache

> We are using the Apache web server as application to serve the Nagios web interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are using the Apache web server as an application to serve the Nagios web interface. 
```
